In the last lecture we created our tap's page.
So we're now able to navigate between our favorites our library page and that is an important first
step.
Now in order to continue we need to get some quotes to actually display something here.
And I prepared some quotes which you can find attach this lecture or not just some quotes.
It's actually a file exporting an array of categories with quotes.
So I'm going to add this file to my project and now there are different places where you could add.
You could simply put it into your favorites folder.
But actually we're going to access to quotes from multiple places.
And yep.
And since it's only a dummy data source Anyways I'm going to create a new folder in the source directory.
I'm going to name the name of data in this state of folder here.
I'm going to create a quote start to use file and then the file you can find attached to this letter.
So you can simply copy the file into this data directory.
Or of course copy the content into a newly created quotes tortillas file.
So I'm doing the same I'm copying the content and it's basically just an array of javascript objects
where each object represents a category and each category then has multiple quotes and a quote and then
has an ID a unique ID that is across all categories.
The person who well said does quote or made this code and then the quote itself.
And the overarching category Optik also has this Ike and property which is all I can taken from the
ionic to Iken library which well fits this category.
Now with this a way Lebel we can start using that data in our favorites page here.
Let's do this in the next lecture.